Add CmpAndAdd design doc (#2)
sunxiaoguang/pingcap-newbie-workshop: doc/CmpAndAdd.md

# Support Compare then Add function

The name of the function **is** `CmpThenAdd`. The function will compare the value of the first parameter with the value of the second parameter. 

> - If the value of the first parameter is greater than the value of the second parameter, the function will return the value of the first parameter. 
> - If the value of the second parameter **is** greater than the value of the first parameter, the function will return the value of the second parameter. 
> - Otherwise, the function will return the value of the first parameter **subtract** the second parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function will return the larger of the two parameters if one is greater than the other. If both parameters have the same value, the function will return the difference between them.
```
